The Traveling Salesman simulation attempts to evolve the minimum cost Hamiltonian
cycle on an undirected and completely connected graph of 2-dimensional points.

The simulation runs the following 6 algorithms:

- Genetic Algorithm with Roulette Selection & PMX Crossover
- Genetic Algorithm with Roulette Selection & Half+Reorder Crossover
- Stochastic Hill Climbing Search
- Random Search

To run the simulation run main.py with the following 4 arguments:

1. Dataset Path : Enter the filepath to the dataset file. The dataset must be a list of 2-dimensional points, 1 point per line with each coordinate separated by a single space. The points must begin on the first line of the file, and have 1 point per line until the end of the file. Please see example.txt for an example.

2. Number of simulations per algorithms - Due to the stochastic nature of genetic 
algorithms and the parametric optimizers, it is recommended to run the algorithms
multiple times in order to get good results. This argument must be an integer greater
than 0, and will specify how many times to run each algorithm.

3. Number of evaluations per simulation - Must be an integer greater than zero,
preferably much greater than zero in order to increase the likelihood of convergence
towards the optimum. This is the number of times the fitness function may be 
evaluated for each algorithm simulation.

4. Number of times to record path length per simulation - This parameter determines
how often to record the best path length found so far during the simulation, which
allows a visualization of how the algorithm's search unfolds over time. This must
be an integer greater than one.

5. Number of processes - This is the maximum number of processes that can be ran in parallel for the multiprocessing pool. Must be an integer that is at least one.

The simulation will then execute, and once finished will display a graph
which plots fitness (i.e. path length) versus evaluations for each of the different
algorithms. If multiple simulations are run, the results are averaged for each of
the different algorithms. Argument 4 will determine how many points are plotted per
simulation (if plot is too sparse, increase this value). The plot will visually demonstrate the performance of the genetic algorithm and its variants against the stochastic hill climber and random search parametric optimizers.

As an example, try to run the simulation on the provided dataset as follows:

python main.py example.txt 3 5000 10 10

This will run the genetic algorithms and parametric optimizers on the provided dataset. Each algorithm will be run three different times, for 5000 fitness function
evaluations per run. The fitness will be recorded 10 different times per simulation,
uniformly spread out over the number of fitness evaluations. Finally, the maximum
number of processes is 10.